Before the Jews.
I won, before.
We like that kind of thing.
It was just on.
It's not the same to me.
Well, it's a big, handsome man just rescued the poor, it was dame.
Now he's hovering ever so closely at a room.
And there it is.
The kiss.
So do you know if Victoria is a man or a woman?
How can you be so sure?
Because no man could create this cent.
But Victoria's first work was immense fragrance.
What makes you think it's a woman?
Not.
Victoria must be a woman.
So do you like her?
No.
Are you jealous?
Of course not.
Your cent is very similar to Victoria's signature cent.
It's just a little different.
I'm a master perfumer.
So I know if there's something like this on the market.
Victoria.